---
title: 'Books that I have read'
date: 2025-09-25
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-1/
tags:
---

Non-Statistical
======
- Caro, R. A. (2012). The years of Lyndon Johnson: The passage of power (Vol. 4). Random House.
- A journey-Tony Blair.
- Obama, B. (2020). A Promised Land.
- My autobiography-Alex Ferguson.
- An unfinished life, John F. Kennedy.
- Counselor: A life at the edge of history-Ted Sorensen
- Be irresistible, how to effectively attract women.
- Becoming- Michelle Obama.
- Blood and iron. The rise and fall of the German empire.
- Bob Marley.
- Who moved my cheese-Spencer Johnsonm
- Born a crime-Trevah Noah.
- The richest man in Babylon-Clason.
- Up from slavery-Booker T Washington
- The autobiography of Malcolm X-Malcolm X
- Daughter of destiny- Benazzir Bhutto.
- Decision points-George Bush.
- Dreams from my father- Barrack Obama.
- Games people play- Eric Berne.
- Freedom in exile-Dalai Lama.
- My experiments with truth-Mahatma Gadhi.
- My life-Fidel Castro.
- How to win friends and influence people-Dale Carnegie.
- I am Malala-Malala.
- Kennedy. The classic biography- Ted Sorensen.
- Long walk to freedom-Nelson Mandela.
- Mindset-Carol Dweck.
- My life-Bill Clinton.
- Mein kampf-Adolf Hitler.
- Peeling back the mask-Miguna Miguna.
- Profiles in courage-John F. Kennedy.
- Rich dad poor dad-Robert T. Kiyosaki.
- Seven pillars of wisdom-T. E. Lawrance.
- The 33 strategies of war-Robert Greene.
- The 48 laws of power-Robert Greene.
- The art of seduction-Robert Green.
- The 50th law-Robert Greene.
- The adventure of the noble bachelor.
- The art of public speaking-Dale Carnegie.
- The challenge of nationhood-Tom Mboya.
- The fountains of silence-Ruta Sepetys.
- The promise and the dream-David Margolick.
- The unemployed millionaire-Matt Morris.
- Think and grow rich-Napoleon Hill.
- Winter is coming-Garry Kasparov.
- Yes, we can. A biography of president Obama-Garen Thomas.
- Why A students work for C students and why B students work for the government-Robert T. Kiyosaki.
- Town musicians of Bremen-Brothers Grimm.
- Saddam Hussein-Efraim Karsh and Inari Rautsi.
- Imperialism-Lenin.
- It ends with us-Collen Hoover.
- Mobby dick-Herman Melville
- Great Thinkers.
- Game of thrones-George R. R. Martin.
- Robinson Crusoe-Daniel Defoe.
- Friends-Mathew Perry.
- Things fall apart-Chinua Achebe.
- The awful german language-Mark Twain.
- Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind-Yuval Noah Harari.
- The Contextualisation of 21st Century Skills Assessment in East Africa. Esther Care, Mauro Giacomazzi, 
John Kabutha Mugo.
- War and peace-Leo Tolstoy.
- The Manipulated Man-Esther Vilar (1971).
- Why men love bitches-Sherry Argov.
- Crime and Punishment--Fyodor Dostoevsky.
- Zinky Boys: Soviet Voices from the Afghanistan War--
by Svetlana Alexievich,
- The manual what women want and how to give it to them--W. Anton.
- Alexandre, D. (2015). The Three Musketeers. Xist Publishing.
- The man without a face. The unlikely rise of Vladimir Putin-Masha Gessen.
- The Lumumba plot-The Secret History of the CIA and a Cold Assassinations--Stuart A. Reid.
- Think Faster, Talk Smarter: How to Speak Successfully When You're Put on the Spot--Matt Abrahams.
- Examining the Scriptures Daily--2025.

Statistical/Mathematical
======
- James, G., Witten, D., Hastie, T., Tibshirani, R., \& Taylor, J. (2023). An introduction to statistical learning: With applications in python. Springer Nature.
- Ley, C., \& Verdebout, T. (2017). Modern Directional Statistics.
- Halmos, P. R. (2013). I want to be a mathematician: An automathography. Springer Science \& Business Media.
- Learning SQL Generate, Manipulate, and Retrieve Data--Alan Beaulieu.
Casella, G., \& Berger, R. (2024). Statistical inference. CRC press.
- Athreya, K. B., \& Lahiri, S. N. (2006). Measure theory and probability theory (Vol. 19). New York: Springer.
- Hochberg, Y. (1987). Multiple comparison procedures.
- Cui, X., Dickhaus, T., Ding, Y., \& Hsu, J. C. (Eds.). (2021). Handbook of multiple comparisons. CRC Press.
- Dickhaus, T. (2014). Simultaneous statistical inference. With applications in the life sciences. Springer.
- Dickhaus, T. (2022). Lectures on Dependency: Selected Topics in Multivariate Statistics. Springer.
- Dickhaus, T. Lineare Modelle.
- Kreyszig, E. (1991). Introductory functional analysis with applications (Vol. 17). John Wiley \& Sons.
- Lehmann, E. L. (2008). Reminiscences of a statistician: The company I kept. New York: Springer.
- Functional Analysis by Walter Rudin.
- Chaudhuri, A., Gupta, S. N., \& Roychoudhury, R. (2021). Tribute to the Legend of Professor CR Rao. Springer Singapore.
- Fan, J., Li, R., Zhang, C. H., \& Zou, H. (2020). Statistical foundations of data science. Chapman and Hall/CRC.
--
