---
title: 'Quotes'
date: 2025-09-25
permalink: /posts/2025/12/blog-post-2/
tags:
---

Statistics/Mathematics
======
- Statistics seems to be a difficult subject for mathematicians, perhaps because its elusive and wide-ranging character mitigates against the traditional theorem-proof method of presentation. It may come as some comfort then that statistics is also a difficult subject for statisticians. (Bradley Efron)
- A creative thinker is alive only so long as he grows; you have to
keep learning new things to understand the old.
- “If you can't solve a problem, then there is an easier problem you can solve: find it.”--George Polya.
- An indoor animal, not necessarily a pet, isrelatively easier to control than many wild creatures.--Meng in reference to computable $p$-values.
- Why is it necessary to introduce so many different statistical learning approaches, rather than just a single best method? There is no free lunch in statistics: no one method dominates all others over all possible data sets.
- A significant $p$-value is like obscenity. I can’t define it, but I know it when I see it.-Anonymous.
- It is true that a mathematician who is not also something of a poet will never be a perfect mathematician. Karl Weierstrass, 1815-1897.
- There is no philosophy which is not founded upon knowledge of
the phenomena, but to get any profit from this knowledge
it is absolutely necessary to be a mathematician. Daniel Bernoulli, 1700-1782.
- Mathematics is the most beautiful
and most powerful creation of the human spirit. Stefan Banach, 1892-1945.
- I know not what I appear to the world,
but to myself I seem to have been only like
a boy playing on the sea-shore,
and diverting myself in now and then
finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell,
whilest the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me. sir Isaac Newton, 1643-1727.
- The moving power of mathematical invention is not reasoning but imagination. Augustus De Morgan, 1806-1871.
- Mathematics is the tool specially suited for dealing
with abstract concepts of any kind
and there is no limit to its ower. Paul Dirac, 1902-1984.
- How thoroughly it is ingrained in mathematical science
that every real advance goes hand in hand with the invention of
sharper tools and simpler methods which, at the same time,
assist in understanding earlier theories and in casting aside some more complicated developments. David Hilbert, 1862-1943.
- Neglect of mathematics works injury to all knowledge,
since one who is ignorant of it cannot know the other
sciences of the things of this world. And what is worst,
those who are thus ignorant are unable to perceive their
own ignorance and so do not seek a remedy. Roger Bacon, 1214-1292.
- As for everything else, so for a mathematical theory: beauty can be perceived but not explained. Arthur Cayley, 1821-1895.
- Even in the realm of things which do not claim actuality,
and do not even claim possibility,
there exist beyond dispute sets which are infinite. Bernhard Bolzano, 1781-1848.
- Those properties which, in the theory of ordinary numerical
functions, arise only in the handling of the most complicated,
most difficult, least practical functions, are the characteristics
that are the simplest, most practical, in fact indispensable attributes of functions of generalized variables. Maurice Frechet, 1878-1973.
- Ignoring the old adage that one does not tamper with something
 that is not broken, T. W. Anderson has revised his classic 1958
 textbook.
- By and large it is uniformly true that in mathematics there is a time lapse between a mathematical discovery
and the moment it becomes useful; and that this lapse
can be anything from 30 to 100 years, in some cases even more;
and that the whole system seems to function without any direction,
without any reference to usefulness, and without any desire to do things which are useful. John von Neumann, 1903-1957.
- Every problem in the theory of functions leads to certain questions
in the theory of sets, and it is to the degree that
these latter questions are resolved, that it is
possible to solve the given problem more or less completely. Rene-Louis Baire, 1874-1932.
- No matter how correct a mathematical theorem
may appear to be, one ought never to be
satisfied that there was not something
imperfect about it until it also gives the impression of being beautiful. George Boole, 1815-1864.
- I write slowly.
This is chiefly because I am never satisfied until
I have said as much as possible in a few words,
and writing briefly takes far more time than writing at length. Carl Friedrich Gauss, 1777-1855.
- My theory stands as firm as a rock;
every arrow directed against it will quickly
return to the archer. How do I know this?
Because I have studied it from all sides for many years;
because I have followed its roots, so to speak, to the first unfalliable cause of all created things. Georg Cantor, 1845-1918.
- Ambiguity of language is philosophy's
main source of problems. That is why
it is of the utmost importance to examine attentively the very words we use. Giuseppe Peano, 1858-1932.
- Reductio ad absurdum, which Euclid loved so much,
is one of a mathematician's finest weapons.
It is a far finer gambit than any chess play:
a chess player may offer the sacrifice
of a pawn or even a piece, but a
mathematician offers the game.  G. H. Hardy, 1877-1947
- Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to Authority
is not using his intelligence,
he is just using his memory. Leonardo da Vinci, 1452-1519.
- Men pass away, but their deeds abide. Augustin-Louis Cauchy, 1789-1857.
- Mathematical discoveries, small or great
are never born of spontaneous generation.
They always presuppose a soil seeded with preliminary
knowledge and well prepared by labour, 
both conscious and subconscious. Jules Henri Poincar`e, 1854-1912.
- To those who do not know mathematics, it is difficult
to get across a real feeling as to the beauty,
the deepest beauty, of nature ...
If you want to learn about nature, to appreciate nature,
it is necessary to understand the language that she speaks in. Richard Feynman, 1918-1988.

Football
======
- It feels like forever when playing against Real Madrid-a commentator.
- Playing against Barcelona feels like going to the denstist-some coach.
- Whatever you can do, they can do it better-a commentator on the current Real Madrid team (UCL 2024).
- Everywhere you look, there is a star--a commentator on the current Real Madrid team (UCL 2024).
- Every position has a star-a commentator on reference to French team at the euro 2024.
- The cathedral of european football-a commentator in reference to Santiago Bernabue.
- He chose this competition, at this stadium, against this team to score-a commentator on reference to Alphonso Davies.
- The Northern giants-Werder Bremen.
- Four against two and one of them is Messi-a commentator on Messi.
- Luca Modric is the eternal solution-a commentator on Luca Modric.
- There is no time to see the ball-a commentator on Roberto Carlos goal.
- What is it with this team in this competition-a commentator on Real Madrid.
- Damn I dont believe it what a goal we have just seen from Roberto Carlos, that is amazing-a commentator on Roberto Carlos free kick goal against France.

Athletics
======
- This is the arena where history is made-4 by 4 world record.

Politics
======
- Let us dedicate ourselves to what the Greeks wrote so many years ago: to tame the savageness of man and make gentle the life of this world. Robert F. Kennedy.
- For we are strangers before thee, and sojourners, as all our fathers were: our days on the earth are as a shadow, and there is no abiding. 1 Chronicles 29:15
- One way to make sure crime doesn't pay would be to let the government run it--Ronal Reagan.
- Women and wine Are all very fine. But a real man needs more: The sweet taste of war!
- "The hunter who boasts of his prowess when the lion at his feet has died of old age is worthy of
the greatest contempt: but the hunter who has vanquished the lion at his feet is
worthy of the highest praise."
- If you cannot convince them, confuse them-Harry S. Truman.
- Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.(Mahatma Gandhi).
- ‘When one’s head is gone one doesn’t weep for one’s hair!
- I would like to dedicate the following proverb of Henry Adams to my supervisor since it expresses my feelings: A professor leaves a footprint for eternity and can never tell when his influence stops".
- The candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
- "Law of Variation": When you change lanes whilst driving, the lane you leave will always then move faster than the one you have joined.
- Constant sprinkle can make you wet.
- Personnels that became proficient in technique decide everything! (Joseph Stalin)
- Stretch your legs according to the length of the quilt.
- Walk wryly, speak straight.
- Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
- The secret of success is the perseverance.
- A tong is made from a tong. (Pirkey Avot)
- Not he who begins but he who finishes is the master.
- IKIGAI principle. how to identify yourself, your passion, mission, and objective.
- Consistency is the playground of dull minds.
- "You do not waste good iron to make nails," went a
common Chinese saying, meaning that really talented people join the
civil bureaucracy, not the army.
- Clennon Washington King Jr.-considered insane for applying for an admission at the University of Mississippi.
- A round man cannot be expected to fit in a square hole right away. He must have time to modify his shape.
Mark Twain.
- A little learning makes the whole world kin. Proverbs xxxii.
- Ngama kech kayo oksiemne dero.
- The man who doesn't read has no advantage over the man who cannot read-Mark Twain.
- Let us not mop the room while the tap is still running.
- The horse was out long time ago and is grazing.
- Since that day I have never sat with my back turned to the door-Malcom.
- This is a case of one thief crying look the other thief is running away-RAO
- "What would you have me do?" he said at last. "You
know I did all a father could for their education, and they
have both turned out fools. Hippolyte is at least a quiet
fool, but Anatole is an active one. That is the only
difference between them."-War and peace.
- It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong-Voltaire, The Age of Louis XIV.
- Land of the rising sun.
- Tywin Lannister: What do they say of Robb Stark in the north?
Arya Stark: They call him the Young Wolf.
Tywin Lannister: And?
Arya Stark: They say he rides into battle on the back of a giant direwolf. They say he can turn into a wolf himself when he wants. They say he can't be killed.
Tywin Lannister: And do you believe them?
Arya Stark: No, my lord. Anyone can be killed.
- There is a party going on in my head and no one is invited.
- There must always be a Stark in Winterfell.
- Winter is coming.
- If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I prefer to think that if you
have a good enough hammer, almost everything actually is a nail.
- Keep the faith.
- No one who disdains the key
will ever be able to unlock the door. Siegmund Freud.
- Hombre bala-a commentator on Roberto Carlos.
- After all, the higher statistics are only common sense reduced to numerical appreciation."-KARL PEARSON.
- I've never really viewed myself as particularly talented. I've viewed myself as slightly above average in talent. And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic. You know, while the other guy's sleeping? I'm working. While the other guy's eatin'? I'm working. While the other guy's making love, I mean, I'm making love, too. But I'm working really hard at it.-Will Smith.
- Only a tiny fraction of Ph.D.'s continue doing research. It's as if they never
learned to do it properly in the first place. Somebody's
pushed them through a Ph.D., and that's
it. They haven't got the basic skills to identify a
problem and set about solving it.
- A man does what he must- in spite of personal consequences, in spite of obstacles and dangers, and pressures- and that is the basis of all human morality."- John F. Kennedy, Profiles in courage.
- We are not saying that it is a failure, we are saying there are no results.
- The wise sailor flees the storm as it gathers.
- If there is no enemy within, the enemy outside can do us no harm. An African proverb.
- It was six men of Indostan
To learning much inclined,
Who went to see the Elephant
(Though all of them were blind),
That each by observation
Might satisfy his mind. And so these men of Indostan
Disputed loud and long,
Each in his own opinion
Exceeding stiff and strong,
Though each was partly in the right,
And all were in the wrong!
So, oft in theologic wars
The disputants, I ween,
Rail on in utter ignorance
Of what each other mean,
And prate about an Elephant
Not one of them has seen!
From The Blind Men and the Elephant: A Hindoo Fable, by John Godfrey Saxe (1872).
- He stumbled but he did not fail because he did not fall.
- But now I leave my cateological system standing thus unfinished, even as the great cathedral of cologne was left, with the crane still standing upon the top of the uncompleted tower. For small erections may be finished by their first architects; grand ones, true ones, ever leave the copestone to posterity. God keep me from ever completing anything. This whole book is but a draught-nay, but the draught of a draught. Oh, Time, Strength, Cash, and Patience. (Moby Dick).
- St. Ignatius of Loyola said that in a besieged fortress all dissidence is treason. Fidel Castro.
- If we live, we live for the Lord; and if we die, we die for the Lord. So, whether we live or die, we belong to the Lord. Romans 14:8.
- To be an enemy of America can be dangerous, but to be a friend is fatal. Henry A. Kissinger.
- El hombre bala==the bullet man-a commentator on Roberto Carlos.
- The great questions of the day will not be settled by means of speeches and majority decisions but by iron and blood. Otto von Bismarck.
- We are only dead if you forget about us.
- Those who are destined to be hanged are not going to drown.
- In this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem. From time to time we've been tempted to believe that society has become too complex to be managed by self-rule, that government by an elite group is superior to government for, by, and of the people. Well, if no one among us is capable of governing himself, then who among us has the capacity to govern someone else? All of us together, in and out of government, must bear the burden. The solutions we seek must be equitable, with no one group singled out to pay a higher price. Ronald Reagan.
- Ask not what your government can do for you, ask what you can do for your government. Jack Kennedy.
- Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
- Subtle is the lord but malicious He is not-Albert Einsten.
- Life was difficult everwhere in Iraq. Very few people wore shoes. And in many cases they only wore them on special occasions. Some peasants would not put their shoes on until they had reached their destination, so they would look smart"-Saddam Hussein.
- He's not heavy, he is my brother!-the standing boy of Nagasaki.
- Rather I receive your bullet-riddled body with honour Than news of your cowardice on the battlefield (Traditional Pashto couplet).
- Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee, your hands can't hit what your eyes can't see. Mohammed Ali.
- Outside his office my father had a framed copy of a letter written by Abraham Lincoln to his son's teacher, translated into Pashto. It is a very beautiful letter, full of good advice. 'Teach him, if you can, the wonder of books...But also give him quiet time to ponder the eternal mystery of birds in the sky, bees in the sun, and the flowers on a green hillside,' it says. 'Teach him it is far more honorable to fail than to cheat.'
- The stone of Pashto does not rust in water, which means we neither forget nor forgive. Malala.
- If a lady visits you and she takes the shoes off, then you are going to get laid-Mathew Perry.
- If you want peace, prepare for war.
- Rules of healthy living: eating, silence, hair and clothing, work-life balance, early nights-early mornings, no porn addiction, and good art and architecture.
- Women interfere and give opinions
about everything.... According to the law of averages, their
forecasts will be correct now and again-The Manipulated Man
by Esther Vilar (1971).
- The disadvantage of lying is
that if everyone does it, it loses its usefulness-The Manipulated Man
by Esther Vilar (1971).
- We can change history but not geography. We can change our friends but not our neighbors.-Indian Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee, during a landmark visit to Lahore, Pakistan, on why the two South Asian countries need to overcome their long-standing enmity.
- Buonaparte was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
He has got splendid soldiers. Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace.
